---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5 Post"
date:   2015-09-27
categories: week-4-Blog
---
Good afternoon everybody, and happy Sunday.
  Starting off the week, we saw how to approach functionality as generic as possible with templates and writing code
that can be used with several different data types. We implemented an equals, copy, and fill methods in class while we were
in groups, which helped make the idea of templates even clearer. While changing the template names does not affect the functionality of the code, it does make it more readable from a programmer's perspective, and Dr. Downing emphasized this point
while in class on Friday.
  The JPL talk on Wednesday was interesting and entertaining. I really enjoyed the description of the work flow process
that the they ran and it was very interesting to see the prototypes they had come up with in a few days and how they used videos
to present the ultimate result of each prototype. The software they had created for the occulus rift and the Microsoft holo lens
was revolutionary in a sense that it has made it much easier to map the terrain on Mars.
  The readings were very informative as well and showed how binary arithmetic can interfere at run-time and shut-down defenses
that were meant to protect our nation's soldiers. The software should have been updated to keep up with the new speeds of missiles
and to avoid the round-off error that was causing inaccurate readings.
  Another point of emphasis in class was the use of pointers and references throughout the quizzes, so I bet we should be very
knowledgeable about this come test time. Project 2 was also turned in and I hope everybody was able to turn in the project on time. Seems like the next project will come a little later, so it looks like it's time to start studying for the upcoming midterm!

Have a great Sunday Afternoon Y'all!

<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
Here is an interesting article I found on implementing security features in this era of code.
http://techcrunch.com/2015/09/27/bake-in-security-and-privacy/ 