---
layout: post
title:  "Week 7 Post"
date:   2015-10-11
categories: week-7-Blog
---

Good afternoon everyone,

  This week was a "short" week in that we only had 2 class days, but was pretty intense in terms of study load preparing for
the test and all. Class on Monday began with going over a Range class that had a nested iterator class. The concepts that
were studied were mostly about nesting concepts. We also went over some standard library iterators and functions such as
sort, reverse, copy, and fill. While we had gone over some of these concepts earlier in class, it was a great review for
the exam.

  The Tuesday papers were about the Liskov substituion principle and the interface segregation principle. These principles
add levels of abstraction. The Liskov substitution principle states that classes that use pointers to classes should also be able
to use objects of derived classes without necessarily knowing that is happening. The interface segregation principle attempts
to resolve the disadvantages of "fat" interfaces by acknowledging that some classes require non-cohesive interfaces, and that
classes should not know about these interfaces as a single class.

  Wednesday was mostly review for the exam. We went over the Consts.c++ code and explained the differences between const int c,
const int* c, int* const c, const int* const c. While the code looks fairly subtle, there are substantial differences between
all of these notations, such as const inc c requires for the variable to be initialized to a value immediately while const int* c can be initialized at a later point. const int* c also means that it is a read-only pointer, but can be pointed to several locations while int* const c is a read/write pointer, but can only point to one location. Finally, const int* const c is the most limited and would only be allowed read-only permissions and can only be pointed to one location.

  And of course, we had our exam this past Thursday. I will not be discussing the exam here, but I hope everyone did well. All in
all, not a lot of new material this past week, but a lot of practice and mastery of past material. Project 3 is now up as well, so we should all get started on that pretty soon.

Enjoy the rest of your Sunday afternoons!


<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
Cool project I saw on adding more functionality to amazon prime dash buttons.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1hmjyNwrCQ 