---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14 Post"
date:   2015-12-06
categories: week-14-Blog
---
Good evening everybody,

OOP has finally ended. The last week was all instructional, and we finished off going over
Handle classes. We were shown Handle 2, which removes the need to implement specific functions
each time one wanted to implement a handle, but didn't allow as a substitute for whatever
the handle wrapped about. Handle 3 was more practical in that it had the advantage
that handle 2 had while being able to used as a replacement for the handle it was made of. 
This was done with use of a struct that was name count and allowed for greater efficiency
by reducing the number of needed constructions by keeping a reference counter. It was
interesting to note that our project 5 could have been modified to fit these handle class templates,
which would have improved bot the readability and the efficiency of our code.  These 
were the final things we reviewed before the test. 


While we did not have a project, reviewing a lot of the past material while going over the
final, reminded me of how much I have learned through this class and how much more
proficient I have become with c++. This class was a lot of work, but very worthwhile and
enjoyable. I have become much more efficient and confident in using pointers, and have
also become more knowledgable in several of the nuances of c++. The talks that were held
throughout the semester reminded me of what was to come after graduation. 

I'm sure all of us are looking forward to receiving our grades for both project 5 and the final. All in all, I 
really enjoyed the class and am glad to have been a part of it this semester. Goodluck on the rest of 
your finals!!


  

<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
Cool Baylor study I found that shows a unique way to generate random numbers that could be
used for encryption. 

http://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.02511v2.pdf