---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4 Post"
date:   2015-09-20
categories: week-4-Blog
---

Good afternoon everyone! This past OOP week, several new topics were introduced. To start off, we now have our new
asssignment, Project 2, and got some info on 'Voting'. It looks like a simple programming project at first, and in
fact, kind of is, but once you get around to actually implementing it in C++, it can get a bit confusing and
frustrating. The files needed to turn in and some of the requirements are very similar to that of Collatz, but one
major difference is the fact that no code is provided to us, which gives us a lot more freedom from beginning to
end as to how we could implement our solution. The project description is brief compared to Collatz, which only makes the project more open-ended. My partner and I have been hard at work, and hope to have our final build soon.

Afterwards, we were introduced to in depth concepts involved with try/catch blocks and exceptions, with showing
how they work, and how passing by reference saves over head. We also got an in depth look at pointers, addresses,
and references, and how compile time errors are more favored than run-time erros, since compile time errors
will point at the problem right away. Passing by reference/address is preferred over passing by pointer, since run-time errors are more prone to arise with pointers, while errors associated with references/address are more
prone to arise as compile time errors.

The articles showed great insight as to how simple programming errors have resulted in the destruction of
very expensive technology, and looking back now, they were run-time errors. Had they been compile time errors,
these catastrophes would have been avoided. The other readings dealt more with OOP concepts, and how the 8 queens problems is solved
in several different languages with OOP concepts.

All in all, very productive week and looking forward to finishing the Voting problem this week with my partner in a couple of days.

p.s. Goodluck to you all at career fair!!!

<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
I've been learning a lot more about atom, and this week, I thought I would share another plugin.
autocomplete-plus, which makes coding a lot quicker, once you get the shortcuts in order. 
https://atom.io/packages/autocomplete-plus
