---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3 Post"
date:   2015-09-13
categories: week-3-Blog
---

It's been a while since I've turned in an individual programming project, and it felt great to have a sense of
"freedom" for a little while, but after having read on the benefits of pair programming, it made me remember how
much easier simple tasks become as well as how much more entertaining it could have been. The pair-programming
readings provided some interesting information, such as the fact that some companies would get rid of code written
by an individual in favor of code that was written by a pair of programmers.

The Bloomberg talk was a great reminder that we will all be graduating soon, and our ultimate goal is to get a job.
I was glad that a lot of the technologies that Chris said they used at Bloomberg were also used by the company I interned at over the Summer, showing just how universal of a skill set it is. I will more than definitely be visiting
them at the CNS (more like CS) career fair next week.

Collatz was a great initial project, and while I had not seen much C++ before, I was glad at how similar it was
to Java and C, allowing me to code effortlessly... for the most part that is. I did have to learn some tricks along the way, such as if I want to modify parameters from within a function, I would have to pass it as a reference.
The project description was so specific that I was more afraid of missing one of those than the actual algorithmic requirement.

Exceptions and try/catch blocks seem to be the direction we are heading in right now, and it seems to be an interesting subject at that. Project 2 seems to be up as well, so guess I should start heading up my partner soon.

<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
Interesting article I found on Vsauce that shows self-learning robots.
http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004273
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mlHXcCNzjg
