---
layout: post
title:  "Week 9 Post"
date:   2015-10-25
categories: week-9-Blog
---
Good afternoon everybody,

	We began the week by implementing our own container. We implemented a poor man's vector
first, which was fairly inefficient since it needed two linear passes in order to both 
construct, and assign the values at each index in the vector. The "poor man's vector" had
a constructor, where we defined default paramaters, a destructor, a bracket's operator,
begin, end, and size functions. While it was a simple implementation, we were challenged
by making it more efficient in terms of saving time and space. Next, we went over how to make
it more efficient, which turned out to be using an allocator for memory management. 

	The allocator was implemented as a template argument in order to use whichever allocator
is more applicable, and certain function calls had to be modified at the constructor level.
For one, fill would not work since fill requires the values to be initialized already, 
so we had to implement that functionality manually. This actually resulted in saving
space and time because we were able to use the copy constructor instead of having to 
construct then assign. We also went over how different containers can be implemented
with other containers, depending on whether or not the functionality is implemented
and is efficient. It is interesting to not that the naming schema that the std uses 
actually plays a role into whether or not a container can be implemented using another 
container. 

Aside from going over these topics in class, we also finished up Project 3, which was
great in practicing basic memory management. The assigned readings for the week continued
on the premise of what "ideal" object oriented programing is, and have been getting
more and more specific as the weeks have gone by. Project 4 is now up, which is named 
Darwin, and is similar to a project that we had done in 314 for those who took it with 
Mike Scott. 

Have a great week!

<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
Great article on how some LA high school students are contributing to an earthquake 
warning system. 

http://gizmodo.com/la-high-school-students-will-help-test-the-regions-new-1738371355
