---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2 Post"
date:   2015-09-06
categories: week-2-Blog
---

The real first week of class has allowed me to refresh some 312 and 314 OOP concepts while learning several new things
about C++ and the collatz problem. I am glad that we went in depth with the requirements of the project in class while learning
new concepts such as the different forms of caching that could be implemented with the collatz project.

The daily quizzes have kept me on top of my game in terms of keeping up with the readings, and the Collatz project
has made me stay involved with the class at all times. The quizzes aren't very difficult, and really appreciate the fact
that the quizzes give hints towards the Collatz project and has made optimization before a cache much easier to implement.

I am really glad the textbook is very easy to read and has some great examples when going through the material. I was able to read
both chapters in around 2 hours, but I'm sure as the material becomes more complicated, this time will increase. Not many "new" concepts were
introduced, but it was night to get a refresher on encasuplation, inheritance, and abstractions. The readings did go into detail with abstractions, and also introduced vocabulary such as information hiding, but once again, it was easy to comprehend these topics with little to no complicated
material.

This week's articles and web readings had great tips about topics that I don't usually put much thought into, but reminded me that while I am a CS major, there are several other things I should be involved in so I could improve my chances of becoming a successful programmer upon leaving the university.


<h2>Tip of the Week: </h2>
The atom text editor, which can be obtained from atom.io, has a package called remote edit which allows one to work on files stored on
one's cs account from home with FTP and SFTP, which makes editing from home much easier. 
